# CS-210
This project involved taking a users financial data and returning their year end interest and year end balance. User inputs were initial investment amount, monthly deposit, the amount of years the investment has to grow and the interest rate.
Within this project I felt like i exemplified my skills of utilizing OOP to a great extent and also using functions in order to minimilize the amount of code within the main() function. I felt like I organized my member functions well also in order to get data from the objects that were created for the user data. 
I felt like I could have improved on efficiency within my code. As im reviewing it I see that I declared some variables within functions that werent necessary but I did so in order to make sure the code ran without any errors. I could have went back and made it more organized but due to the fact that the code ran without errors I didnt want to change any lines and then generate erros. 
The pieces of code that I felt was most difficult to write was creating my class in order to make my object and defining my member functions for that class. I think this is because it is one of the newere concepts I have learned so far and I'm not fully comfortable working with classes. 
The skills from this project that I can definitely bring to another is the use of classes and member functions with the use of private variables to make my code more secure. I feel like these are standards that most projects include, since OOP is a big foundation of secure coding. 
I made this program maintainable, readable and adaptable by utilizing OOP. With the use of my classes and member functions, if anyone were to wonder how everything were to operate they can just take a look at that. Also if someone wanted to alter the way most of the code functions they can look directly at the class and its member functions, or even the normal functions and make their changes from there. 
